This is the permit to take the ship.
Go.
I won't drag you into this again.
Let's never see each other again.
You've cast loyalty aside,
but what about filial piety?
You're drowning yourself
in sorrow and torment.
Will His Grace rest in peace knowing this?
The dead are like extinguished lamps.
He wouldn't know anymore.
You're not as good as him.
No, I'm not.
Your Grace,
NOBLE SPIRIT CHASES THE CLOUDS
HEROIC SOULS LIVE FOREVER
you were the Grand General
of Futing's army and its people.
The comfort and prosperity I've enjoyed
are thanks to you.
You fought with your life
to protect Futing's lands
and bring peace to its people.
Thank you.
May you rest in peace.
His Majesty has killed the witnesses
and closed the case with a decree.
If I don't overthrow the throne,
how else can I change any of this?
Are your eyes only used to interrogate me?
If His Majesty really wanted
to frame the Duke of Ding,
would he have spared the Jiang family
just because of a ruler?
Trust me,
His Majesty knows the truth.
He only closed the case
because the circumstances forced his hand.
And I'm just supposed to swallow
my shame and hatred,
return to court, and climb
the ranks like nothing happened?
You've spent years away from the capital.
You don't know much about
the current political landscape.
How can you hope to overturn the case
when the enemy hides in the shadows
and you're completely exposed?
Right now, not only are all leads cut off,
but your ambition, resolve,
and very nature
are known throughout the court.
You're like an unsheathed blade,
its sharpness glaringly
obvious for all to see.
Don't you see?
The true strength of a blade
isn't in striking, but in restraint.
Only by sheathing the blade,
by concealing your edge,
can you observe the bigger picture
and decide your next move with clarity.
the Duke of Ding fought hard with his life
to protect Futing's lands
and ensure peace for its people.
He doesn't live on just in your heart,
he lives in the hearts
of everyone in Futing.
Everything you say,
every move you make,
carries the legacy he passed on to you.
Song Mo, listen to me,
from this day forward,
you are him.
ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL "BLOSSOM"
BY AUTHOR ZIZI FROM QIDIAN CHINESE WEBSITE
My Lord, you're here!
My Lord, I've gathered news
from the palace regarding
the Duke of Ding.
What did you hear?
The eunuchs have been gossiping.
They say His Majesty kept staring at
the broken ruler and muttering nonsense,
tormented by restless dreams
night after night.
The physicians and fortune-tellers
are being summoned more frequently.
It seems His Majesty
feels guilty about you.
Why not take advantage of it?
Dou Zhao was right once again.
If it wasn't for that broken ruler,
the Jiang family might not
have been spared.
But how did she know that His Majesty,
despite his regret over
the Duke of Ding's unjust death,
would still feel compelled
to close the case?
Who could the mastermind possibly be,
for even His Majesty to act against
his own conscience to protect them?
In a game of cards,
sometimes you have to lose a hand
to save the round.
For an emperor,
the stakes are much higher,
it's the entire court, the entire realm.
During the southeastern typhoon,
His Majesty sent the Crown Prince to lead
the disaster relief and win public favor,
but His Grace opposed it
and took charge himself.
Could it be that His Grace's refusal
to support
the Crown Prince provoked retaliation?
Are you saying
that His Majesty concealed the truth
to protect the Crown Prince?
When the Duke of Ding was
escorted to the capital,
did the princes make any move?
Only the Crown Prince
and Prince Qing came to ask about it.
There were no other movements.
My Lord, we've got a problem
at the Futing military camp!
The General hasn't returned.
We can't disband.
-That's right, we can't disband!
-We can't disband!
The damned court killed the Grand General.
Why should we remain loyal?
Instead of enduring this humiliation…
We might as well become bandits!
-Yes!
Let's become bandits!
Such talk will get you executed.
Don't ever say it again.
-General!
I've been stripped of my rank.
I'm not your general anymore.
I came to say goodbye.
From now on, we go our separate ways
and forge our own paths.
General, we're soldiers.
None of us fear death.
Living as cowards,
with no clarity or justice,
would disgrace the Grand General's spirit!
We dream of avenging him!
We'd gladly give our lives for it!
If we knew who the murderer was,
we'd have exacted revenge!
-General!
If you still see me as your general,
here's my order,
the Duke of Ding's Army is disbanded,
effective immediately!
-What?
Disband?
We can't disband.
Officers ranked vice commander and above,
follow me to the tent for a council.
-I'm not going anywhere.
-Me neither.
You all have shown
unwavering loyalty to my uncle,
so I will not deceive you.
Though the imperial judgment
has been issued,
the true mastermind remains at large.
I intend to uncover the truth
and take vengeance on the real killer.
This path will be fraught with danger.
From now on, you can no longer
serve as soldiers in the open,
but must serve as agents in the shadows.
We knew you wouldn't abandon us!
For over a decade, we've been
stationed at the border,
knowing little of the inner workings
of the court.
That ignorance has left us
vulnerable to schemes time and again.
Now, whether it's to overturn the case
or preserve a remnant
of the Duke of Ding's Army,
we must plant our eyes
and ears within the court.
General, just give the orders.
Bring the wine!
A force of 50,000 is too conspicuous.
Select the 500 most elite soldiers
to follow me to the capital.
The rest will disperse as ordered,
laying low to preserve our strength
until the time comes to rise again.
The 53,000 soldiers of
the Duke of Ding's Army
are ready to go through hell
and high water for this cause!
Through hell and high water!
-Drink!
Stop fighting for it!
-Stop fighting for it!
-We've just been released.
-We're victims in this too.
-You…
The charges of colluding with
the enemy have been cleared.
What you're doing is outright robbery!
-Don't take that away.
-Please don't take that away!
Mrs. Liu!
You only invested 10 taels,
but this bag of jewelry and jade
is worth 50 or 60 taels!
Your family didn't pay back
the money on time,
don't we deserve a little interest?
Move!
Stop it!
Don't take that away!
According to the law,
burglary is a serious crime.
-Zhao.
-Even if you fail,
it's 20 lashes and three years of exile.
If you do succeed,
you're looking at
either exile or the noose.
And committing this in broad daylight?
That makes it even worse.
They owe us money. Isn't it only
fair that we take what we're owed?
Oh, is that so?
Fair, you say?
Is it also fair to smash things
and hurt people?
Hurting someone?
The punishment for that is even harsher.
What choice do we have?
Our goods rotted away
on those impounded ships.
Everything we worked so hard for is gone!
-That's right.
-Yes.
I am Dou Zhao, a daughter of
the Dou family from the capital,
and also the master of the Miao family.
I will sign an agreement right now
to settle this debt in ten days.
This jade bracelet is a family heirloom,
and I'll leave it
with the authorities as collateral.
I'll pay you back in ten days.
That's your mother's keepsake. You can't!
If you trust me,
sign the agreement.
If not,
come with me to the authorities.
Let's see who owes more, the Miao family,
or you all with your looting,
smashing, and injuries.
-I'll sign.
-Me too.
Me as well.
HE YUE YE, LENG YUE YUN
JUN XUAN LING
DOU ZHAO
Hang in there.
Luckily, the wound isn't deep.
Zhao,
I can't let you pawn
your bracelet for those people.
You came all the way to Futing for me.
I'm grateful to you.
This is my burden to bear.
I'll go to the pawn shop
and sell the warehouse and store,
whatever it takes
to get your bracelet back.
Pawn shops wouldn't
recognize their true value.
What's a store or warehouse
compared to you?
Why don't you just pawn yourself
to me instead?
That works too.
At the going rate for a steward's wages,
I'd need to work for you
for 3,224 days.
That's about eight or nine years,
it should be enough to pay it off.
I'm kidding.
If my mother knew her bracelet was
being put to such good use,
she'd be thrilled.
Don't worry about it.
I'm the richest person in Zhending,
do you really think
I can't get a bracelet back?
Here it says the six-percent interest
was supposed to cover goods purchased,
but the accounts don't add up.
Where are the goods?
I invested it as stock in a food shop.
Investing in a food shop
during a famine year?
Brilliant move,
turning gold into dust.
We still have An Su's dowry, don't we?
You good-for-nothing!
Stop eyeing your sister's dowry.
She's of marrying age,
how is she supposed
to get married without money?
What about An Ping then?
An Ping is sitting for
the imperial exam this year.
Are you going to let him
-beg his way there?
-I…
If it means paying off the debt,
then so be it,
dowry or no dowry.
My dowry exists thanks to Zhao's kindness.
And now I'll use it
to settle the debt
and spare her from trouble.
It's not just for An Ping.
An Su, are you really fine with it?
I'm not.
Zhao.
There's still a lot of goods on the ship.
Have you taken inventory?
Things just settled down,
and the local authorities
in Futing are still in chaos.
I haven't had the chance to do it yet.
DOU'S RESIDENCE
Shi Shu,
Ying Xue insisted
I ask about Ming
and De Zhen's engagement.
She said if we have
my father-in-law mediate,
Grand Secretary Wu might agree.
-A letter from Mu Chuan?
-He has just risen
to the Grand Secretariat.
Most of the old allies of the Duke of Ding
in the previous administration
have retired to their hometowns.
Wu Yi Fen is advanced in years.
How much longer can he hold on?
What are you trying to say?
That faction's influence is fading fast.
The Wu family's standing
will inevitably collapse.
Is there still a point to
forming ties with them?
You should have Ying Xue focus on
strengthening connections
with the Wei family instead.
CUI'S RESIDENCE
Come.
Now that you've delivered the gifts,
you can go.
If you stay longer and get sick,
you'll blame it on Shou Gu again.
It's rude to kick people out
right after receiving gifts.
Even if Young Lady Zhao
isn't up to seeing guests,
she could at least say thank you.
This is the Dou family's business.
Shouldn't you consider your identity first
if you want to meddle?
-I'll have you know…
-Can I meddle then?
Grandmother.
You're causing trouble here
in broad daylight.
In all these years,
you've barely delivered gifts
during festivals.
Now that both Shou Gu and I are unwell,
what are you scheming?
Mother, you've misunderstood.
I heard that Zhao came down with smallpox,
so I went to the temple
for a smallpox protection statue.
This isn't like other gifts,
it must be personally
enshrined by Zhao herself,
-or it won't be effective.
-Alas.
Guardian idols and deities?
I've never believed in these things.
-Take it all away.
-That won't do, Mother.
Inviting the gods is easy, but
sending them away is difficult.
Neglecting the statue
could harm the family's fortune.
I'm sure Zhao wouldn't want
that to happen, would she?
Young Lady Zhao, just show yourself…Ouch!
Stop!
Smallpox patients must avoid drafts.
Cover her up at once.
Yes, Grandmother.
Fine, I'll accept these gifts
on Shou Gu's behalf.
I'm sure things are
busy for you in the capital,
so I won't keep you.
If there's nothing else, you should leave,
and don't come back again.
Old Madam,
our mistress only came
with the best intentions.
-What about…
-Nanny Zhou.
Please pass the statue to Zhao, Mother.
We'll take our leave now.
-Move.
-Grandmother…
Move!
What's going on?
Shou Gu…
She went to freshen up.
She'll be back soon.
At this point,
you can stop covering for her.
Shou Gu is in Futing.
Futing is a highly
sensitive area right now.
What's she doing there?
Does…
Does she have something
to do with the case too?
The Maritime Trade Office seized
the Miao family's merchant ship.
Shou Gu was worried
about An Su going alone, so she…
Ridiculous!
-You girls… Absolutely ridiculous!
-All right now, all right.
Madam, are we leaving already?
Shouldn't we take a closer look?
Didn't you notice just now?
That hand was smooth and flawless.
If she really had smallpox,
how could there not be any rash?
Our trip here wasn't wasted after all.
Ah, I see.
Let's go back to the capital.
DOU'S RESIDENCE
Zhao is brazen and reckless.
As a young lady from a noble family,
she not only shows her face in public,
she even went to Futing on her own.
Futing is in chaos right now
because of the Duke of Ding's case.
I hear there have been outbreaks
of unrest among refugees lately.
Oh, Zhao…
Master, Madam,
the Marquis of Jining's family
has invited you both
and the young ladies
to a banquet tomorrow.
We can't possibly attend a banquet now.
Since it's a specially arranged banquet,
they might want to discuss the betrothal.
Decline it. We'll talk about it
after I bring Shou Gu back.
Someone, prepare the carriage.
We mustn't decline it, my dear.
If word that Zhao went to Futing gets out,
it will ruin her marriage prospects
and Ming's too.
How about we say
you and the girls have caught a cold,
and I'll attend the banquet alone?
Fine, I'll leave it to you.
Handle it as you see fit.
I should get going.
Yes, my dear.
This side dish is quite unique.
Is it a specialty of Futing?
I found a lot of spoiled food
when we were clearing out the inventory.
But there was a crate of tubers
from the West that hadn't gone bad.
I roasted a few of them.
They're soft, fragrant,
and a bit like yams.
But many of them have sprouted.
We can't eat or sell them anymore.
We can't eat them…
But we can plant them!
If they sprout even in the damp,
dark conditions of a ship's hold,
they must be easy to grow.
If you plant them now,
you could have a harvest
in about three months.
So, don't rush to repay me just yet.
Use it to rent some unused land
and start planting.
With all the floods this year,
food is already in short supply.
If you grow enough,
not only will you feed people,
but you'll also introduce a new food crop.
No grain merchant would turn that away.
At 50 coins per jin for white flour,
one mu of land could
yield around 300 jin.
With ten mu of land in a year,
that's over a hundred taels of silver!
That's a great idea.
Let's do it your way.
What good stuff do you have there?
Ji Yong,
you scared us again.
You've got food here.
-Try it.
-Here.
Not bad. But it could be sweeter.
Young Master Ji, why are you
wearing such a scary mask?
It attracts fortune.
I'm here to bring you money.
-You've made the deal? What's the price?
-Who's the buyer?
Want to see it? Beg me.
-Please.
-You actually begged?
Well, that's no fun.
Look.
The Ministry of Works
is paying so much for the ship!
The court has never
bought civilian ships before!
If it weren't an unprecedented move,
I wouldn't have bothered.
I submitted a proposal
to Minister Mu Chuan
advocating for reforms
in maritime trade,
selling civilian ships to the government
and consolidating overseas trade
under the court's control.
This way, we can ease people's burden
and replenish the national treasury.
Thank you, Young Master Ji.
No need to thank me. Mu Chuan only
agreed to see me because Dou Zhao
sent the invitation
under the Dou family's name.
-Zhao…
-No need for thanks between us.
Now that the crisis is over,
let's go back together tomorrow.
Zhao,
I can't go back with you.
Every year during sailing season,
I'd come here with my parents
to oil and polish the ship.
From a small boat to a big ship,
now it's all gone in an instant.
It's time for me to grow up.
You're staying in Futing to
help with the family business?
Zhao,
I won't let you down.
What I've lost today,
I'll earn back in the future!
All right!
Let's wish for our hopes to come true,
and for the days ahead to be
peaceful, free, and full of joy.
Peaceful, free, and full of joy!
Free, and full of joy!
Greetings, Minister Mu.
MINISTER OF WORK, MU CHUAN
This way, please, My Lord.
This idea of selling the ships
is priceless.
I owe you a huge favor.
What favor? It was just a game.
The fun I had was worth
more than any fortune.
Besides, I won Mu Chuan's favor
with the proposal.
He submitted it to His Majesty
under his name.
In return, he recommended
me for the position
of secretary at the prince's residence.
That role is low-ranking
and full of tedious responsibilities.
You'd have to guide and advise the prince
while also reporting regularly
to His Majesty.
It's a thankless job that pleases no one.
The harder the job,
the easier it is to stand out.
I prefer to work smart, not hard.
I'm not about to let myself rot away
like those unsold goods on the ship.
Since the Crown Prince isn't favored,
I might as well take a bigger gamble
and support another prince.
You're going to Prince Qing's Residence?
The Crown Prince's mother, Empress Shen,
came from a humble background
and passed away early.
He doesn't have many allies
among the court officials.
Prince Qing, on the other hand,
is known for valuing talent,
holds military power in Liaodong,
and his mother, Empress Wan,
is favored by His Majesty.
With me on his side,
his chances of surpassing
the Crown Prince are much higher.
I once heard that Prince Qing's
rebellion succeeded
thanks to an extraordinarily
brilliant strategist by his side.
JI YONG, PRODIGIOUS MONK
Could it be him?
A PRODIGY TO RIVAL WENCHANG,
DARING TO TEACH CONFUCIUS THE STARS.
If Ji Yong goes to Liaodong
to assist Prince Qing,
will he meet a tragic end again
because of it?
I'd advise you
to think it through carefully.
I'll be straight with you.
Prince Qing is rebellious,
he'll usurp the throne one day.
Don't forget why you entered
officialdom in the first place.
If he rebels,
wouldn't that align perfectly
with my original intent?
You've known all along…
What happens in the future.
Heaven knows, earth knows,
I know, and you know.
I observe the world
without being controlled by it.
Princes and kings, in my hands,
are mere tools for a greater vision.
The court is decayed,
foreign enemies are poised to strike,
and all I want is someone
who recognizes my worth
and grants me the power to enact reform.
Healing individuals is a small matter,
healing a nation
is where my true strategy lies.
I can extend this dynasty's life
by a hundred years.
Minister Mu, they're here.
So, there are the tubers
you mentioned in your letter,
the ones that don't spoil easily?
The people of Futing call it a potato.
Many of the other goods were
ruined after the delay,
but these remained intact.
Looks like this crop
is far more valuable than
the rest of the cargo on the ship.
Here.
TEA
This strawberry ice cream
is only available in Futing.
Once I go to Liaodong,
there'll be no chance to have it.
Didn't you say that ice cream
is too cold for the stomach
and can make you feel lightheaded
if you eat too much?
Silly. If you get sick,
I'll just treat you.
Eat up.
Real men drink wine and eat meat.
Look at that grown man
eating dainty sweets fit
for women and children.
So now taste preferences
come with gender labels too?
How childish.
You two might drink and eat meat,
but does it help you conquer battlefields
or govern a nation?
How arrogant!
Young Lady,
he's clearly not a suitable match!
Right, unlike you two,
you're perfect for each other.
You…
Don't be mad. Let's drink.
Drink.
-Here.
-By the way,
I got this for you.
The snow in Liaodong is heavy,
and there are many hunting pits.
I've noticed you always
squint when you look at things.
I figured your eyesight isn't great.
I went around the capital
and found this for you.
Consider it a parting gift.
You even noticed that?
Looking up close now,
you're actually not that ugly.
All right, I'll give you
something in return.
I always save the strawberry
on my ice cream for last
because I can't bear
to eat them right away.
I'll give it to you now.
Shou Gu.
Father?
-Are you all right?
-What are you doing here?
If we had come any later,
you'd have probably turned
Futing upside down by now.
-Uncle Shi Shu.
-You really are something.
Disgracing the family
and running off to elope.
You found yourself the perfect match, huh?
Shou Gu,
a young lady like you traveling
all the way to Futing on your own,
do you know how worried we've been?
Father, Uncle Shi Shu.
This is Ji Yong, a cousin of
the Cui family from Jian'an.
He's the official in charge
of the Maritime Trade Office's cases.
Ah, so you're Master Ji's son.
Greetings, uncles.
You've truly gone to great lengths
to disgrace our family's name
all the way here in Futing!
I came to Futing to help the Miao family
out of their predicament.
I'm the investor
in An Su's family shipping business.
I couldn't just sit back and do nothing.
What morals and obligations
outweigh propriety and decency?
An unmarried young lady like you
is supposed to be staying at home
preparing for marriage,
This is disgraceful!
The Miao family were
mere tenant farmers on an estate.
Now they're merchants,
a world apart from you.
You don't have a friend like her.
Didn't our own Dou family of
the north rise from being peddlers?
Later, to establish hierarchy,
we divided into the Eastern
and Western Dou branches.
Should we also disown our ancestors
for their humble beginnings?
You… You dare debate
family heritage with me?
-You're out of line!
-Shi Shu…
-Calm down, Shi Shu.
-Uncle Shi Shu,
Dou Zhao contributed strategies
to resolve the maritime trade crisis.
She is considered a servant
of the court. You can't hit her.
Stay out of this.
Ungrateful child!
Do you even know your grandmother
has been sick for days because of you?
What happened to Grandmother?
What's wrong with her?
Your grandmother fell ill
from missing you too much.
Ying Xue is taking care of her now.
Wang Ying Xue?
You're so full of ideas and so capable.
What does the death of a family member
even mean to someone like you?
Uncle Shi Shu,
I've learned my lesson now.
Traveling to Futing was a mistake.
I'll accept any punishment you see fit.
Please just allow me to return
home quickly to care for Grandmother.
Deliver this letter
to the local authorities
and make it clear that
our family's legitimate daughter
-was never in Futing.
-Got it.
Father, Uncle Shi Shu,
I know Grandmother's condition best.
This can't be delayed.
Why don't we set out tonight?
Now you feel the urgency?
Your mother is looking after her now.
There's no rush.
But your father and I
have traveled a long way,
pulling countless strings,
all for the sake of protecting you.
I understand completely, Uncle.
I will hand over all my private assets
in Futing to the family
to atone for my mistakes.
What nonsense!
Do you think your father and I
came all this way just to
take over your meager assets?
That's not what I meant.
I'm willing to return home,
stay under house arrest,
and fully submit to
the guidance of my elders.
Shou Gu means well.
Shi Shu, why don't we set out now?
We've traveled far
and deserve a few days of rest.
But fine.
We'll rest tonight and leave at dawn.
Thank you, Uncle.
TEA
Sir,
what can I get you?
We could've stayed overnight in Wu Town,
but she insisted on
traveling without rest.
Now we're stuck in the middle of nowhere!
Shi Shu, have some water and calm down.
Shou Gu is just eager
to see her grandmother.
She's really worried about her.
Since everyone's tired,
let's set up camp here for the night.
Master Shi Shu, Master Shi Ying,
there's a military camp just ahead.
Are you Master Shi Shu and
Master Shi Ying from the Dou family?
Yes, that's us.
And how are you, sir?
Greetings, my lords.
We are troops stationed at the outskirts.
The camp ahead is a rest area our army
has prepared for travelers on the road.
You can rest there without concern.
We wouldn't dare impose
on the military's duties.
Serving you well is part of our duty.
Food and wine will be brought shortly.
Please don't refuse.
-Thank you then, General.
-This way, please.
You must be weary from your long journey.
Thank you for your trouble.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
This meal is quite lavish.
It's almost too lavish,
not like something
a military camp would prepare.
-Thank you.
-Let me fill your glass.
Thank you.
Young Lady, traveling in such a rush
might have upset your stomach.
It's best to avoid
these heavy, greasy dishes.
I'll go see if they have
some light porridge.
Oh…
Officer, may I know what time it is now?
It's the hour of the Yin, Young Lady Zhao.
Young Lady Zhao?
They're Futing soldiers.
If I'm not mistaken,
they're the Duke of Ding's Army.
What's the Duke of Ding's Army
doing in Hanzhou?
I'll explain later.
YUZHOU
Travel permit, please.
Where are you sending these?
The market.
Thank you.
Master Shi Ying, they say bandits
have been rampant in Yuzhou City,
we need a travel permit to enter the city.
We left in such a rush.
We haven't prepared any travel permits.
Su Lan,
I bet someone has
made arrangements for us.
Call Gao Sheng over.
Young Lady.
Tell the guards that your masters
are the officials from Ministry of Rites
returning to the capital on assignment.
See if that gets us through.
Have you checked the goods?
All good.
Sir, could you allow
my master to pass first?
What's your master's official position?
Dou Shi Shu, an official
from the Ministry of Rites.
Lord Dou from the Ministry of Rites?
Yes.
Clear the way! Let them through!
Clear the way!
When we passed through Yuzhou City before,
we were never given such priority.
What's going on here?
My Lord,
they say it was an order from above,
that Lord Dou from the Ministry of Rites
is to be given priority passage.
Really?
Believe me,
this has nothing to do with either of us.
Young Lady, the wheel is stuck.
Why have we stopped?
Young Lady Zhao's carriage is stuck.
They're coming to rob us!
Shou Gu!
Give me a hand here!
One, two, three!
Who are you?
We're villagers from around here.
The roads here are uneven.
When it rains, carriages often get stuck.
We're just here
to lend a hand pushing them out.
Thank you all.
Su Lan, give them some silver pieces
as a token of appreciation.
We're not here for rewards, just to help.
There are more of us ahead.
Wishing you a safe journey,
Young Lady Zhao.
-Let's go.
-Go.
Let's go.
How do they all know
to call you Young Lady Zhao?
Don't say anything. Get in.
I rarely travel far,
but seeing this now,
we're really living in a time of peace.
What time of peace?
They're here especially for your daughter.
God knows how she got involved
with those unsavory people.
Young Lady Zhao is
a kind and generous person.
Heaven is always looking out for her.
You must be joking, Shi Shu.
How could Shou Gu possibly know them?
Let's keep moving.
CUI'S RESIDENCE
Shou Gu.
Shi Shu.
Aren't you going in to visit Mother?
Are you really going to the estate?
What about your work at
the Ministry of Revenue?
But Mother is still ill.
And we're not doctors.
Seeing us won't make her better.
She's got Shou Gu
and Ying Xue to take care of her.
Father, Uncle,
I'll go see Grandmother now.
Since the marriage agreement
has been signed,
you should now focus on
fulfilling your duties
and prepare yourself for the wedding.
Marriage agreement?
Didn't your father tell you?
While you were in Futing,
your father and mother
signed the marriage agreement for you.
It was a pressing matter.
I wanted to discuss it
with you after you returned,
but Ying Xue went ahead
and signed the agreement.
Shou Gu!
Dou Shi Shu and Dou Shi Ying
are shallow and heartless.
Unlike you, My Lord,
you escorted Young Lady Zhao
all the way here
without even letting her know.
She made it clear
she didn't want to see me again,
so there's no need to disturb her.
As long as she can see
her grandmother a little sooner,
that's what matters.
Zhao,
I'm so glad
to see you home safely.
Song Mo killed his father
and brother this same year.
Could there be another reason,
besides avenging the Duke of Ding,
that caused such a drastic change
in his character?
My personal guards are in danger,
and my mother has just died.
I've stepped into a deadlock,
and what I need now
is the strength to fight.
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED
DURING THE MAKING OF THIS FILM.